Perky, foot-tapping, happy theme.
a piece of typically thriller flavour.
Energized, happy and uplifting Pop Anthem, featuring big synths and rythmic guitars.
Feel good electro tune with a catchy and uplifting melody.
A slightly cinematic ambient track with a feel of success and purpose.
Nineties pop punk nostalgia.
Thrilling and positive Indie Pop/Rock track with quick buildup and solid groove. 
Uplifting, powerful acoustic / pop ballad that has a feel-good factor about it. 
A nice, pleasant, smoothly flowing, chilled-out track featuring downtempo drums with a warm electric piano, subtle acoustic guitar and softly flowing pads. 
Bright and light music track with a bed of beautiful piano and strings with an uplifting beat.
A passionate and emotional melody with piano, violin and cello. 
Distorted bass line combined with aggressive drums. 
romantic and dreamy chinese traditional music. 
Relaxed, joyful, emotive track with orchestra, acoustic guitar, harp and accordion. 
The island of my childhood holidays so many happy memories running over white beaches & climbing the rough hills join me on a trip into my memories.
Youthful country music with a modern edge.
A modern, fresh and dark upbeat track, featuring plucked synths and electronic sounds. 
Flowing and delighted, featuring bouncy electric guitar, keyboards and Hammond organ that create a satisfied, reflective mood.
A mid-tempo electro pop groove, with a clean and spatial sound of synths, steady groove and piano melody. 
A calm, comforting and smooth acoustic guitar track with light synth pads.
This is a sad, dramatic instrumental piano track. 
Fun and unpredictable waltz which let us peek inside a fantastic world, out of reach. 
Emphatic melodies for string orchestra in this slow and sad romantic track.
Tight, percussive rhythm bed for sonic interest. 
A lush and beautiful track for orchestral strings that brings the full forces of basses, cellos, violas, and violins together to form a resonant and warm harmonic pad. 
Light and pleasant acoustic guitar track, combining elements of Folk, Pop, Ambient, Country and Easy Listening.
Bright, positive, uplifting upbeat instrumental production music.
Punk pop instrumental rock track.
This love song tells a poetic story of lost loves. 
Americana roots track featuring multiple acoustic guitars.
Motivational and inspiring! 
Uplifting, bright and cheery instrumental arrangement of a timeless holiday favorite that mixes light beats with classical orchestral sounds. 
A light pop/rock piece with piano, solo chamber strings, bass, drums, organ and bells. 
Powerful and macho Epic Hip Hop beat, with crunchy guitar and orchestral elements. 
Featuring a casually jazz-oriented track with drums, bass, funky organs and trumpets. 
An upbeat and exciting orchestral track with a majestic, heroic mood. 
Floating Harp melody with atmospheric pads and percussion. 
An upbeat, but also relaxed and somewhat playful, cheerful pop-rock track. 
Dripping with boastful swagger and attitude, this groove makes the head bob.
Flowing and enthusiastic, featuring bright strings and synthesizer that create an empowering, determined mood.
A positive and energetic indie rock track featuring electric guitars, bass guitar and drums. 
Relaxing instrumental pop with an upbeat, gentle energy.
A joyful, fun and happy music track featuring ukulele, acoustic guitars, glockenspiel, piano, bass, percussion and drums.
This is an EDM/pop song. 
Delicate, minimalistic and atmospheric piano theme. 
Uptempo, warm old school country guitar picking with pedal steel and double bass. 
Happy-go-lucky, forward pushing, sunny, mid-tempo reggae underscore. 
Joyful and fun Latin music track with ukulele, acoustic guitar, marimbas and piano playing a fun and catchy melody that evoke a friendly and happy attitude.
