A pumping, sizzling and throbbing Electro-funk track, Weaving and pulsating rhythm, dark and funky, Somewhat mechanical / robotic, Blending elements of House, Disco, Dub, Funk and Electro, Lots of attitude, almost cocky
Cool and fun pop instrumental.
A catchy Drum beat coupled with heavy Bass sounds, combined with FX creating a very hard sounding industrial Techno feel.
Russian
Slow guitar with sombre,sad almost funereal atmosphere that lifts to develops into a rhythmic mood with hand drums and reverb flutes and bells but still keepimg in the mood of relaxed but interesting.
A positive and energetic indie rock track featuring electric guitars, bass guitar and drums.
An uplifting, upbeat caribbean-pop track.
Fashionable electro house production music.
A fun and bubbly 1980's style pop, house track.
Swirling harp arpeggios with ethereal flute melodies make a dreamy, shimmering musical soundscape inspired by fantasy and fairy tales.
Loving and sentimental touching 30 seconds acoustic music.
Uplifting and motivational pop rock track with an upbeat and energetic feel featuring electric guitars, piano, synths, bass, and drums.
Exotic Atmospheric African vocal track with typical male bush chants and female trills supported by strong native drums and percussion.
A steady and uplifting pop, rock track.
Pastoral, beautiful piano melody with a fantasy mood and a slight oriental feel.
A groovy, happy and energetic catchy theme featuring strings, piano, brass and percussions.
Romantic Piano takes and Flute sets Romantic mood.
Pure Latin, pop & hip hop vibe.
World fusion combining Indian slide guitar with Western rock and jazz and ethnic percussion.
A driving, piano led indie pop track with modern synths and risers to keep the track moving forward.
A groovy, funky, dramatic hip hop track with dark undertones.
Sunny afternoon, happy and romantic.
Subtle and classy picked instruments slowly build up to an epic beat, in a repetitive, growing and major mood.
Steady beats with a determined and encouraging feel.
Happy Ukulele is a upbeat, fun and exiting tune filled with energy, joy and happines.
Powerful heroic soundtrack for your movie, video, game of YouTube channel.
An ambient song with synthesizer tones which has futuristic tones and would sound great in a sci-fi creations.
Music for people at work and the satisfaction of acheiving it.
A positive and acoustic pop track with ukulele, acoustic guitar, piano, glockenspiel, bass, drums and percussion.
Lush & magnificent, featuring flowing strings, inspirational piano & percussion that create a majestic, uplifting mood.
A positive and light pop rock track with a driven feel that maintains a sense of purpose and movement but doesn't get too heavy or overpowering.
Evolving athmospheres and deep tribal drums create a really scary, frightening Trailer Music track.
Funky laid back alternative rock instrumental track.
Short uplifting melodic witty piece starting with groove bass and vivid drum section culminating with happy, laid-back melodic and memorable guitar lead line.
Cool fun electronic energetic hybrid drums and percussion commercial promo beat rhythm.
A passionate, romantic orchestral old-time Hollywood climax.
Positive happy warm joyful inspirational motivational bright uplifting corporate guitar driven upbeat.
Symphonic classical with dynamic adventurous theme and lush orchestration.
A mix of R&B, Pop & Funk this track has a positive, upbeat, energetic feel with melodic synthesized chords, funky slap bass riff, guitar licks all on a four on the floor dance beat.
